STAC-23225: Add release notes 2.4.0 release and update with staging changes (#68)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/setup/release-notes/v2.4.0.adoc

= v2.4.0 - 25/Aug/2025
:revdate: 2025-08-21
:page-revdate: {revdate}
:description: SUSE Observability Self-hosted

== Release Notes: SUSE Observability Helm Chart v2.4.0

NOTE: This release includes preparatory changes for the upcoming RBAC release.

> WARNING: As a result of the recent Java version upgrade, the StringTemplate interface is no longer supported for our use case. Please update all instances of StringTemplate to StsStringTemplate. This change is a necessary step toward removing a temporary workaround in an upcoming release.

Reviewer: I would phrase it a bit different (99% of our users won't be affected by this:

```suggestion
WARNING: As a result of the upgrade to Java 21, the usage of the `StringTemplate` API in Monitor Functions and other Groovy scripts is deprecated. If you are using custom scripts please check for its usage and replace it with `StsStringTemplate`. The latter has the same API, only a different name. In a future release the backward compatibility support for `StringTemplate` will be removed.
```
